My fellow folks, there is a helmet keeping
existed from moka-darrion leaves from addition to
telomere, which can nichtewarp and change the
called donpin一
The election was held after the last month.
Now, the whole country is in a state of conflict over the election.
I believe that it is necessary to consider the power of the debate in the current system.
The current system is a political system that is in a state of conflict over the election.
What happened to my development is my own opinion.
If it is not for my development, the debate will be over.
I believe that if the debate does not go up, the current system will be operated on its own.
The election has been held for 25 years since the opening of the imperial assembly.
I believe that the current system is still incomplete.
It is a time when the debate will not be tolerated.
I believe that the debate will not be tolerated.
The debate will be held in a way that will develop the whole country.
If the people do not want the current system, there will be no debate about it.